<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2023 Raintank, Inc. dba Grafana Labs

SPDX-License-Identifier: AGPL-3.0-only
-->

xk6-dashboard `v0.6.0` is here 🎉! This release includes:

- Sections
- Dark mode
- More charts (gRPC, browser, WebSockets)
- Customization format changed, which is a breaking changs.
- Internal refactors

## Breaking changes

### Customization format changed

The dashboard customization format has changed. The new format is currently undocumented. The main reason for this is that the xk6-dashboard extension has started the process of being integrated into k6 as an experimental module. In this process, all non-essential features (such as updating the customization documentation) are removed from the scope.

The long-term goal is to eliminate the need for customization. Many features have already been created that partially make customization unnecessary (foldable sections, gRPC, browser, WebSockets charts).

## New features

### Sections

Tabs are now made up of sections. Sections are displayed only if a graph in them contains data, i.e. empty graphs and empty sections are automatically hidden. The contents of the sections can be collapsed and expanded.

### Dark mode

Dark mode is finally here! Depending on the browser and desktop settings, the dashboard automatically starts in dark or light mode. You can switch between the two modes at any time using the small icon in the upper right corner of the screen.

### More charts

In addition to the graphs containing HTTP metrics displayed so far, graphs containing gRPC, WebSockets and browser metrics have also appeared. Of course, these graphs are only displayed if the appropriate metrics exist in the test. Graphs are displayed in collapsible sections.

## Maintenance and internal improvements

This release includes significant internal UI refactors to support further development. The entire event handling and display preparation has been rewritten from JavaScript to TypeScript.

